Add python reference docs (#350)
nitrictech/docs: docs/reference/python/v0/storage/bucket-file-get.md

---
title: bucket.file.get()
description: Get the contents of a file from a bucket.
---

Get a file from a bucket.

```python
from nitric.resources import bucket

> // Create a readable/writable reference to an 'assets' bucket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a reference to an 'assets' bucket with permissions to read
```
